Documentation for x-wso2-endpoints extension (#4979)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/reference/vendor-extensions-catalog.md

 
## x-wso2-production-endpoints
 

> **x-wso2-production-endpoints** specifies the production endpoint configuration and applied at root level or resource 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**x-wso2-production-endpoints** specifies the production endpoint configuration and is applied at root level or resource 
```

 
## x-wso2-sandbox-endpoints
 

> **x-wso2-sandbox-endpoints** specifies the sandbox endpoint configuration and applied at root level or resource level 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**x-wso2-sandbox-endpoints** specifies the sandbox endpoint configuration and is applied at root level or resource level 
```

            type: http
       ```

## x-wso2-endpoints

> **x-wso2-endpoints** defines the endpoint configuration globally which thereafter can be referred to using one of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**x-wso2-endpoints** defines the endpoint configuration globally, which thereafter can be referred to using one of the
```

following extensions.

- **x-wso2-production-endpoints**
- **x-wso2-sandbox-endpoints**

> When there are resource level endpoints, there could be same endpoint in multiple resources, it will cause data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When there are resource level endpoints, the same endpoint can be available in multiple resources - this causes data
```

> duplication in the OpenAPI definition. In order to avoid that, endpoints can provide under the reference model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
duplication in the OpenAPI definition. In order to avoid that, endpoints can be provided under the reference model
```
